
 
Community Corner:
Provides information about what’s happening in the communities throughout our broadcast coverage areas.   Announcements submitted by viewers for their churches, social groups and charitable organizations.
 
New Artist Profile:
Provides new artists an opportunity to showcase their personalities and music.
 
Restoration Testimony:
Viewers submit 3-5 minute videotaped testimonies sharing how God has brought restoration in their families, ministries and lives.
 
Old School Gospel:
The best of Gospel “Old School” with Joe Pope.
 
Southern Gospel Hour:
Hosted by Charlise Pope.

BE A GUEST

Glory To God Television offers a number of shows that highlight guests of all professions sharing information about their ministries, businesses, projects and events. These shows are designed to benefit our viewers in the areas of health & fitness, finance, education, personal and spiritual development. Review our List of Original Shows and determine if you have something relevant share with our audience. Promotional fees may apply in some cases.

If you would like to be a guest or recommend someone to be a guest, please  contact:

VIEWER FEEDBACK
The staff of Glory To God Television would love to hear from you. We want to know what you like and even what you don’t like about our broadcast. Give us your ideas on potential segments and shows that would be of interest and value to you, your family and your community.

SERVICES
BROADCASTING
image6We invite churches, large and small, to “Become a Church Without Walls.”   We will assist you with the nuts and bolts of getting started or help you improve your current television ministry.
 
Our technical staff will provide you with a comprehensive evaluation and make recommendations on lighting, video and audio equipment for your facility.

ADVERTISING
image7We can help your business “Grow Beyond Your Zip code. ”  Our creative staff will work with you in producing a commercial or promotional spot unique to your business that will best reflect your products and services. We will help you reach a potential customer base far outside your location.

PRODUCTION
image8Pope Broadcasting Company offers a wide range of professional production services, such as videotaping and editing of:

        Commercials/lnfomercials/Promos
        Concept Videos
        Gospel Concert Promotions
        Duplications: CD, DVD and VHS
        Live Recordings
        Seminar/Conference Videos

    Training Videos
    Church Services
    Memorable Events, such as: Graduations, Weddings, Funerals, etc.

(Production Quotes will be provided based on project details, location, crew and equipment required.)

TRAINING PROGRAMS AND WORKSHOPS
training
Pope Broadcasting Company offers extensive Training Programs to individuals, groups and ministries in these areas:

    Non-Linear Editing
    Camera Operations
    Lighting and Sound
    On-site A/V Equipment Setup
    
    
CLIENT TESTIMONIALS
testimonial_1Through Glory To God Television we are able to preach the Biblical truth while maintaining companion and conviction to those we are able to reach.

Pastor Bob Gardner
Bethel Baptist Church
Temple, GA

 

testimonial_2As the Publisher/ Editor of Gospel Synergy Magazine we are pleased with results that we have received from our advertisement on Glory To God TV.
Andre’s I. Carter
Gospel Synergy Magazine
Chicago, IL

 

testimonial_3We here at Eleventh Hour Call Church love and appreciate the folk at Glory To God Television Not only do they excel in their craft, hut they have taken the time to help, to train , and to spur us on to excel in what God has given us to do.
Sr. Pastor Wanda Hawkins
11th Hour Call Church
Fayetteville, GA

 

It is with great enthusiasm, joy and appreciation that my wife, Sheila, and / have sent this special testimony to Glory To God Television/Staff who have richly touched our lives. I believe with all my heart that H is your commitment, your sacrificial giving and your unceasing prayers that have helped propel The Bridge of Faith TV Ministry into the forefront of what the Lord is doing in the earth in this end-time hour. Sheila and I are overflowing with gratitude, pride and love for you, and we can think of no better way to say “thank you” than with this Testimony. It is a fitting tribute to you—the Aarons and the Hurs—who hold up my aims in prayer everyday and are so quick to say,Do all that is in thine heart: turn thee; behold, I am with thee according to thy heart”. A special thanks to the Founder and Owner of Glory To God TV, Brother Joe Pope.

Pastor Larry A. Harris
6601 Clearfield Street
Harrisburg Pa 17111

 

testimonial_5My dream became a reality when the Lord bless us to he able to broadcast on GTG-TV.
Pastor Johnny Terrell
Divine Love Church Of God
Senoia. GA

 

testimonial_6We here at Eleventh Hour (all Church love and appreciate the folk at Glory To God Television Not only do they excel in their craft, hut they have taken the time to help, to train . and to spur us on to excel in what God has given us to do.
Pastor Pam Glanton
11th Hour Call Church
Fayetteville. GA

 

testimonial_7Since joining the Glory To God Television Family hack in December 2005, our ministry has gained the exposure far beyond our expectations. We look forward to the success and expansion of GTG-TV, for their success equates to a successful ministry.
Pastor Curtis Connally
All Souls Church of God In Christ
Newnan, GA